clock_control: stm32: Configure MCO through devicetree instead of Kconfig (#76556)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/boards/stm32/mco/README.rst

.. _samples_boards_stm32_mco:

STM32 MCO example
#################

Overview
********

> This sample is a minimum application to demonstrate how to output one of the internal clocks for
> external use by the application.

Reviewer: Nit: align with other Zephyr samples (+ rewording)
```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to use the Microcontroller Clock Output (MCO) capability of STM32 microcontrollers.

MCO can be used to output an internally generated clock signal on a GPIO pin of the MCU, for usage by external peripherals.
```

Author: The sample is already merged. Not part of this review.
